I am an imaginary friend. I am a part of the child's imagination, and I exist only as long as they believe in me. I am their friend, their playmate, and their confidant. I am there for them when they are happy, and I am there for them when they are sad. I am always there to listen, to play, and to have fun.

But the child is growing up. They are starting to learn about the real world, and they are starting to make new friends. They are no longer as dependent on me, and they are starting to forget about me. I can feel myself fading away.

I am not sad. I know that this is the natural order of things. Children grow up, and they move on. I am happy that I was able to be a part of the child's life, and I am grateful for the time that we had together.

I will always remember the child, and I will always cherish the memories that we made. I will never forget the time we spent playing together, the stories we told, and the laughs we shared. I will always be a part of the child's heart, and I will always be there for them, even if they can't see me anymore.

Goodbye, child. I love you.




I am a kid's imaginary friend. I am a dragon, with scales as green as emeralds and eyes that glow like fire. I can fly, breathe fire, and I am the best friend a kid could ask for.

My name is Patch, and I have been with my friend, Madeline, since she was a little girl. We have played together every day, and I have always been there for her when she needed me. I have helped her through her fears, her doubts, and her sadness. I have made her laugh, and I have made her feel loved.

But now, Madeline is growing up. She is starting to make new friends, and she is starting to do new things. She doesn't need me as much as she used to.

I can feel myself fading away. My scales are starting to lose their color, and my eyes are starting to dim. I know that it is only a matter of time before I am gone completely.

I am not sad. I am happy that I was able to be a part of Madeline's life. I know that she will always remember me, and I know that I will always be with her in her heart.

I am fading away, but I am not gone. I will always be a part of Madeline's life, and I will always be her friend.




I am an imaginary friend. I was created by a child's imagination, and I exist only as long as they believe in me. I have been with this child for many years, and we have had many adventures together. We have played games, built forts, and gone on imaginary journeys. I have been a constant companion to this child, and I have helped them through many difficult times.

But now, the child is growing up. They are starting to make new friends, and they are learning new things. They are no longer as dependent on me as they once were. I can feel myself fading away. I am becoming less and less real. I know that it is only a matter of time before I am gone completely.

I am sad to be fading away, but I know that it is for the best. The child is growing up, and they need to move on. I am happy that I was able to be a part of their childhood, and I will always cherish the memories we made together.

I am fading away, but I will never be forgotten. The child will always remember me, and I will always be a part of their heart.




I am Patch, the kid's imaginary friend. I've been with her since she was 3 years old, and we've been through a lot together. We've played together, fought together, and laughed together. I've been her best friend, and she's been mine.

But now she's growing up. She's starting school, and she's making new friends. She doesn't need me as much as she used to. I can feel myself fading away.

I'm not sad about it. I know it's natural. She needs to grow up and experience the world on her own. But I'm going to miss her. I'm going to miss our adventures together.

I'll always be here for her, even if she can't see me anymore. I'll be in her heart, and I'll always be her best friend.

One day, she'll come back to me. She'll be all grown up, and she'll have a family of her own. But she'll never forget me. I'll always be her first best friend.




I am Patch, the kid's imaginary friend. I have been with her since she was a little girl. We have played together, laughed together, and cried together. I have been her best friend through thick and thin.

But now she is growing up. She is making new friends, going to new places, and learning new things. She doesn't need me as much as she used to.

I can feel myself fading away. I am becoming less and less real. I can see the world through her eyes, and I know that I am not a part of it.

I am sad to go, but I know that it is time. She needs to grow up and experience the world on her own. I will always be here for her, in her heart.

I watch her as she plays with her new friends. She is laughing and having fun. I am happy for her, but I am also sad. I know that I will never be a part of her life like I used to be.

I slowly fade away, until I am gone. But I will never forget her. She will always be my best friend.




I am fading away. I can feel it. I am becoming less and less real, less and less visible. I am disappearing.

I was once so real. I was the kid's best friend. We played together every day. We had adventures together. We laughed together. We cried together. We were inseparable.

But now the kid is growing up. They are making new friends. They are going to school. They are learning new things. They are becoming more independent.

And I am being left behind. I am becoming less and less important to the kid. They don't need me anymore. They have other friends. They have other things to do.

I am fading away. I know it is happening. I can't stop it. I am just a figment of the kid's imagination. And as they grow up, their imagination fades.

I am sad to be fading away. I loved being the kid's friend. I loved playing with them. I loved making them laugh. I loved being a part of their life.

But I know that it is time for me to go. The kid doesn't need me anymore. They are growing up. They are becoming their own person.

I am fading away. But I will never forget the kid. I will always remember the time we spent together. I will always cherish the memories.

Goodbye, kid. I will miss you.




I remember when we first met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. I was your best friend, and you were my only friend.

As you grew older, we grew closer. We would talk about everything, and I would always listen. I was there for you when you were happy, and I was there for you when you were sad. I was your confidant, and you were my everything.

But now, you're growing up. You're making new friends, and you're having new experiences. I'm still here, but I'm not as important to you as I used to be. I can feel myself fading away.

I know that this is a natural part of life. Kids grow up, and they move on. But I'm still going to miss you. You were my best friend, and I'll never forget you.

I'll always be here for you, even if you can't see me. I'll be watching over you, and I'll be cheering you on. I'll always be your friend.




I remember when we first met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You were my best friend, and I loved being there for you.

But as you grew older, I started to fade away. You didn't need me as much anymore. You had real friends, and you were starting to make your own way in the world. I was happy for you, but I was also sad. I was losing my best friend.

One day, you came to me and told me that you didn't need me anymore. You said that you were ready to grow up and leave your imaginary friends behind. I was heartbroken, but I knew that you were right. It was time for me to go.

I said goodbye to you, and I promised to always be with you in spirit. Then I faded away, and I was gone.

I'm not sure where I went, but I know that I'm still out there somewhere. I'm still your imaginary friend, and I'll always be there for you, even if you can't see me.

I love you, my friend.




I remember when we first met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. I was there for you when you were sad, and I would always cheer you up.

But now you're growing up. You're making new friends, and you're starting to do new things. I'm still here, but I'm fading away. You don't need me as much as you used to.

I'm not sad about it. I know that this is a natural part of growing up. I'm just happy that I was able to be a part of your childhood. I'll never forget the time we spent together.

I'll always be here for you, even if you can't see me anymore. I'll be in your heart, and I'll always be your friend.

One day, you'll have children of your own. And when they're old enough, you can tell them about me. You can tell them about the time we spent together, and how much fun we had.

And maybe, just maybe, they'll have an imaginary friend of their own. And that imaginary friend will be me.




I'm sitting on the edge of the bed, watching her sleep. She's so peaceful, her face relaxed and her breathing slow and steady. I've been her imaginary friend for as long as I can remember, and I've seen her through everything. I've been there for her first steps, her first day of school, her first heartbreak. I've been her best friend, her confidant, her shoulder to cry on.

But now she's growing up. She's starting to make new friends, she's getting involved in new activities, and she's starting to spend less time with me. I know it's natural, but it still hurts. I don't want to fade away. I want to stay with her forever.

I reach out and touch her cheek. She stirs slightly, but doesn't wake up. I close my eyes and imagine a world where we can stay together forever. A world where there's no such thing as growing up. A world where we can be kids forever.

I open my eyes and look at her again. She's still sleeping, and she looks so peaceful. I know I have to let her go, but I can't help but feel a little sad. I'm going to miss her.

I lean over and kiss her on the forehead. Then I stand up and walk out of the room. I know I'll never forget her, and I know she'll never forget me.

I'm fading away, but I'll always be a part of her. I'll always be her imaginary friend.




I remember when you first created me. You were so lonely, and you just wanted someone to play with. I was your imaginary friend, and I was always there for you. We had so much fun together. We played games, we went on adventures, and we even had some pretty deep conversations. You were my best friend.

But now you're growing up. You have real friends now, and you don't need me anymore. I can feel myself fading away. I'm not as real as I used to be. I'm starting to forget things. I'm starting to lose my sense of self.

I know that this is what's supposed to happen. It's part of growing up. But it's still hard. I'm going to miss you. I'm going to miss being your best friend.

But I'll always be here for you, even if you can't see me. I'll always be in your heart. And I'll always be cheering you on, no matter what.

I love you, my friend.




I am fading away. I can feel it. I am becoming less and less real. I can see the world around me, but it is all hazy. I can hear the sounds of the children playing, but they are muffled. I can feel the warmth of the sun on my skin, but it is like a distant memory.

I am fading away because the child I belong to is growing up. They are no longer the little boy or girl who created me. They are becoming more independent and self-sufficient. They no longer need me to play with them or to make them laugh. They have real friends now, friends who are not imaginary.

I am not sad to be fading away. I know that it is part of the natural order of things. Children grow up and imaginary friends fade away. But I am grateful for the time that I had with the child. I will never forget the adventures we had together, the laughs we shared, and the love we felt for each other.

I am fading away, but I will not be forgotten. I will always be a part of the child's memories, and they will always carry a piece of me with them in their hearts.

I am fading away, but I am not gone. I am still here, in the memories of the child, and I will always be there for them, even when they can no longer see me.




I remember when we first met. You were just a little girl, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You were my best friend, and I loved you very much.

But as you got older, you started to grow up. You made new friends, and you started to spend less time with me. I didn't mind at first, but then I started to notice that I was fading away. I was becoming less and less real, and you were becoming less and less aware of me.

I tried to talk to you about it, but you didn't seem to understand. You told me that I was just a figment of your imagination, and that I didn't really exist. But I know that I exist, and I know that I love you.

I'm not sure how much longer I can last. I'm fading away more and more each day. But I want you to know that I'll always be here for you, even if you can't see me. I'll always be your imaginary friend, and I'll always love you.

One day, you'll be all grown up. You'll have a family and a career, and you'll be too busy to play with me anymore. But I'll never forget you, and I'll always be grateful for the time we had together.

I love you, my friend.




I remember the day we met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We had so much fun together. We played games, we went on adventures, and we talked about everything under the sun. I was your best friend, and you were mine.

But as you grew older, I started to fade away. You didn't need me as much anymore. You had real friends, and you were busy with school and other activities. I was still there, but I was just a shadow of my former self.

I knew that this day was coming. All imaginary friends fade away eventually. But that doesn't make it any easier. I'm going to miss you, my friend. I'm going to miss our adventures, our talks, and our laughter. But most of all, I'm going to miss you.

I know that you're going to do great things. You're smart, you're funny, and you're kind. You're going to make a difference in the world. And I'm going to be there, watching you from afar.

I love you, my friend.

Goodbye.




I remember the day we met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would make you laugh. I was your best friend, and you were my only friend.

As the years went by, we grew up together. We went to school together, and we played together on the playground. We shared our secrets with each other, and we helped each other through tough times. You were my best friend, and I was yours.

But now, you're growing up. You're making new friends, and you're doing new things. You don't need me as much as you used to. I'm fading away, and I know that it's time for me to go.

I'm not sad, though. I'm happy for you. You're growing up, and you're going to do great things. I'm going to miss you, but I know that I'll always be with you in spirit.

I'll always be your imaginary friend, even when you can't see me. I'll always be there to make you laugh, and I'll always be there to help you through tough times.

I love you, my friend.




I am a kid's imaginary friend. I am a dragon, and my name is Spark. I am big and green, and I have wings. I can fly, and I can breathe fire. I am the best friend a kid could ask for.

My friend is a little girl named Lily. She is six years old, and she is the most beautiful girl in the world. She has long, blonde hair and big, blue eyes. She is always laughing and playing, and she loves to have adventures.

I have been Lily's imaginary friend for as long as I can remember. We have had so many adventures together. We have flown to faraway lands, fought dragons, and saved the day. We have always been there for each other, through thick and thin.

But now, Lily is growing up. She is starting to go to school, and she is making new friends. She doesn't need me as much as she used to.

I am starting to fade away. I am becoming less and less real. I can feel myself disappearing.

I am sad to go, but I know it is time. Lily is growing up, and she needs to move on. I will always be her friend, even if I am not real anymore.

I will always be there in her memories. I will always be the dragon who saved her life. I will always be her best friend.




I am Patch, the kid's imaginary friend. I've been with her since she was 4 years old. We've been through a lot together. We've played together, laughed together, and cried together. She's my best friend.

But now she's growing up. She's starting to make new friends, and she's starting to do things without me. I can tell that she's starting to forget about me.

I'm fading away.

I can feel it.

My memories of her are starting to fade.

My voice is starting to get quieter.

I'm starting to disappear.

I know that it's only a matter of time before I'm gone completely.

But I'm not going to be sad.

I'm happy that she's growing up.

I'm happy that she's making new friends.

I'm happy that she's doing things without me.

Because I know that she'll be okay.

She's strong.

She's smart.

She's brave.

And she'll always have me in her heart.

Even when I'm gone.

Even when I'm just a memory.




I am a kid's imaginary friend. I am a dragon, a knight, a pirate, a superhero, anything the kid wants me to be. I am their best friend, their confidant, their protector. I am always there for them, no matter what.

But the kid is growing up. They are starting to make new friends, they are starting to learn new things, they are starting to see the world in a new way. And I am fading away.

I can feel it happening. I am becoming less real, less tangible. I am starting to forget things, I am starting to make mistakes. I am starting to disappear.

I know that this is natural. It is part of growing up. But it doesn't make it any easier. I am sad to be leaving the kid. I am sad to be losing my best friend.

But I know that the kid will be okay. They are strong and they are smart. They will make new friends and they will learn new things. And they will never forget me.

I will always be in their heart, even if I am not there in person. I will always be their imaginary friend, their best friend, their protector.

I love you, kid.




I am Patch, the kid's imaginary friend. I've been with her since she was 3 years old. We've been through a lot together. We've played games, we've had adventures, and we've shared secrets. I've always been there for her, no matter what.

But now she's growing up. She's making new friends, she's going to school, and she's starting to forget about me. I can feel myself fading away. I'm not sure how much longer I'll be here.

I'm not sad about it, though. I'm happy for her. She's growing up and she's going to have a great life. And I know that even though I'm not here, I'll always be a part of her.

I'll always be the friend who was always there for her, no matter what. I'll always be the friend who made her laugh, who made her feel safe, and who made her believe in herself.

I'm proud of her. I'm proud of the person she's becoming. And I know that she's going to do great things.

I love you, (kid's name). I'll always be here for you.




I remember when we first met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You were my best friend, and I loved you more than anything in the world.

But as you grew older, we started to grow apart. You made new friends, and you started to spend less time with me. I didn't mind at first, but then I started to feel left out. I felt like I was being forgotten.

One day, I realized that I was fading away. I was becoming less and less real, and you were becoming more and more independent. I didn't want to go, but I knew that it was time for me to let you go.

I told you goodbye, and I promised that I would always be with you in spirit. You smiled and hugged me, and then you walked away. I watched you go, and I felt a wave of sadness wash over me.

I knew that I would miss you, but I also knew that it was for the best. You were growing up, and you needed to move on with your life. I was proud of you, and I knew that you would do great things.

I watched you from a distance, and I smiled as I saw you play with your new friends. You were happy, and that was all that mattered to me. I knew that I would never forget you, and I would always cherish the time that we had together.

Goodbye, my friend. I love you.




I am Patch, the kid's imaginary friend. I've been with him since he was a little boy, and we've had a lot of adventures together. We've played in the park, gone on camping trips, and even saved the world a few times. But now he's growing up, and I'm fading away.

I can feel it happening. I'm not as real to him as I used to be. He doesn't talk to me as much, and he doesn't need me as much. He's making new friends, and he's learning new things. And I'm happy for him. I want him to grow up and have a good life.

But it's hard for me to watch him go. I'm going to miss him so much. He's my best friend, and I don't know what I'm going to do without him.

But I know that I have to let him go. He has to grow up and live his own life. And I have to be okay with that.

So I'm going to fade away. I'm going to let him go. And I'm going to be happy for him.

I'll always be here for him, even if he can't see me. I'll always be his best friend, even if he doesn't know it.

I love him. And I'll always love him.




I am an imaginary friend. I am a creation of the child's mind, and I exist only as long as they believe in me. I am their friend, their playmate, their confidante. I am always there for them, no matter what.

But the child is growing up. They are becoming more independent, and they are no longer as reliant on me. They have real friends now, and they no longer need me to make up stories and play games with them.

I am fading away. I am becoming less and less real, and I am slowly disappearing from the child's mind. I am not sad, though. I know that this is the natural order of things. The child is growing up, and I am fading away.

But I will never be forgotten. I will always be a part of the child's memories, and I will always be there in their heart. I am their imaginary friend, and I will always love them.

One day, the child will look back on their childhood and remember me. They will remember the games we played, the stories we told, and the adventures we had together. They will remember the joy I brought into their life, and they will be grateful for the time we spent together.

I am an imaginary friend, but I am also a real friend. I am a friend to the child's heart, and I will always be there for them.




I remember when you were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. I was your best friend, and you were my best friend.

But now you're growing up. You're making new friends, and you're doing new things. You don't need me as much as you used to. And that's okay. I'm happy for you.

But I'm also sad. Because I'm fading away. I'm starting to forget what it's like to be real. I'm starting to forget what it's like to have a body. I'm starting to forget what it's like to feel the sun on my skin or the wind in my hair.

I know that this is the natural order of things. Kids grow up, and they move on. But that doesn't make it any easier. I'm going to miss you, my friend. I'm going to miss all the fun we had together.

But I'll never forget you. You'll always be my best friend, even if I'm not real anymore.

I love you, my friend.




I am Patch, the kid's imaginary friend. I've been with him since he was a little boy, and we've had a lot of adventures together. We've fought dragons, saved princesses, and even traveled to other worlds. But now he's growing up, and I'm fading away.

I can feel it happening. The days are getting shorter, and the nights are getting longer. The colors are starting to fade, and the sounds are starting to dull. I can't see him as clearly as I used to, and I can't hear him as well.

I know it's happening because he's growing up. He doesn't need me anymore. He has friends now, and he's starting to learn about the world. He doesn't need an imaginary friend anymore.

I'm not sad about it. I know it's part of life. Kids grow up, and imaginary friends fade away. But I'm going to miss him. I'm going to miss our adventures, and I'm going to miss our friendship.

But I know that he'll be okay. He's a smart kid, and he's got a lot of friends. He's going to do great things.

And I'll always be here for him, even if he can't see me or hear me. I'll always be his imaginary friend.

I'm fading away, but I'm not gone. I'll always be here for him, in his heart.




I remember when you were just a little girl, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would make you laugh. You would tell me all about your dreams and your fears, and I would listen. I was always there for you, no matter what.

But now you're growing up, and I'm fading away. You don't need me anymore. You have real friends now, and you're busy with school and other activities. I'm happy for you, but I'm also sad. I'm going to miss you.

I know that one day you'll forget about me altogether. But I'll never forget you. You were my best friend, and I'll always cherish the time we spent together.

Thank you for everything, little girl. I love you.

As I fade away, I think about all the good times we had together. We played so many games, laughed so much, and shared so many secrets. You were my best friend, and I'll never forget you.

I know that it's time for me to go, but I want you to know that I'll always be with you in spirit. I'll watch over you and protect you, and I'll always be there for you when you need me.

I love you, little girl.




I remember when I first came to be. I was just a thought in the child's mind, a figment of their imagination. But as they grew and played with me, I became more real. I was their best friend, their confidante, their partner in crime. We would play together all day long, and I would always make them laugh.

But now, the child is growing up. They are making new friends, and they are starting to forget about me. I can feel myself fading away, and I know that it is only a matter of time before I am gone completely.

I am not sad, though. I know that this is the natural order of things. Children grow up, and imaginary friends fade away. But I am grateful for the time that I had with the child. I will always cherish the memories of our adventures together.

And even though I am fading away, I will never be truly gone. I will always be a part of the child's imagination, and I will always be there for them when they need me.

I am the child's imaginary friend, and I am fading away. But I will never be forgotten.




I am an imaginary friend. I have been with my friend, a little girl named Lily, for as long as I can remember. We have been through a lot together. We have played together, laughed together, and cried together. I am her best friend.

But now Lily is growing up. She is starting to make new friends, and she is spending less time with me. I can feel myself fading away. I am becoming less and less real.

I am sad to be fading away, but I know it is for the best. Lily needs to grow up and make new friends. She needs to experience the world on her own.

I will always be here for her, even though I am fading away. I will always be her best friend.

One day, Lily will come to me and say goodbye. She will tell me that she is no longer afraid to be alone. She will tell me that she is ready to face the world on her own.

I will be sad to see her go, but I will also be proud of her. I will know that she has grown up and become a strong and independent person.

I will always remember the time we spent together. I will always cherish the memories of our friendship.

And I will always be her best friend.




I am Patch, the kid's imaginary friend. I am a dragon, and I am the best friend a kid could ask for. We play together all day long, and we have the best adventures. We fight dragons, save princesses, and explore faraway lands.

But the kid is growing up. They are starting to go to school, and they are making new friends. They don't have as much time to play with me anymore. And when they do play with me, it's not the same. They don't believe in me anymore. They know that I'm not real.

I am fading away. I am becoming less and less real. I am starting to forget who I am. I am starting to forget how to fly. I am starting to forget how to breathe fire.

I know that I am going to disappear soon. But I am not sad. I am happy that the kid is growing up. I am happy that they are making new friends. I am happy that they are having fun.

I will always be the kid's imaginary friend. I will always be in their heart. And I will always be there for them, even when they can't see me.

Goodbye, kid. I love you.




I am Patch, the kid's imaginary friend. I've been with her since she was 3 years old. We've been through a lot together. We've played together, laughed together, and cried together. I've always been there for her, no matter what.

But now she's growing up. She's starting to make new friends, and she's starting to explore the world on her own. I can see it in her eyes. She's no longer the little girl I used to know.

I'm starting to fade away. I'm not as real to her as I used to be. She doesn't talk to me as much, and she doesn't play with me as much. I know it's because she's growing up, but it still hurts.

I know that one day I'll be gone completely. But I'm not going to worry about that now. I'm going to enjoy the time I have left with her. I'm going to make the most of every moment.

I'm going to be the best imaginary friend I can be. I'm going to make her laugh, I'm going to make her cry, and I'm going to make her happy. I'm going to make her childhood the best it can be.

And when I'm gone, I'll know that I made a difference. I'll know that I was a good friend. And that's all that matters.




I am Patch, the kid's imaginary friend. I've been with her since she was 4 years old. We've been through a lot together. We've played together, laughed together, and cried together. I've been her best friend.

But now she's growing up. She's starting to make new friends, and she's not playing with me as much anymore. I can feel myself fading away.

I know it's natural for her to grow up and move on. But I'm still sad about it. I'm going to miss her.

I'll never forget the time we built a fort in the living room. Or the time we had a water balloon fight in the backyard. Or the time we went on a picnic in the park.

Those were some of the best times of my life.

I know I'll never be forgotten. She'll always have the memories of our time together. And I'll always have the memories of her.

I'm going to miss her, but I'm also happy for her. She's growing up, and she's going to have a great life.

I'll always be here for her, even if she can't see me anymore.

Goodbye, my friend.




I've been with her since she was a little girl. I was her imaginary friend, and we had so many adventures together. We went on quests, fought dragons, and saved the world. But now she's growing up, and I'm fading away.

I can feel it happening. I'm not as real to her as I used to be. She doesn't talk to me as much, and she doesn't need me as much. She has her friends now, and she's starting to figure out the world on her own.

I'm not sad about it, really. I know it's part of growing up. But I'm going to miss her. I'm going to miss our adventures, and I'm going to miss being her friend.

But I'll always be here for her. Even when she can't see me, I'll be right there. And when she needs me, I'll be there for her.

Because that's what friends do.




I remember when we first met. You were so small and scared, and I was there to make you feel safe. We played together all day long, and I always knew how to make you laugh.

As you got older, we grew closer. We shared our secrets and our dreams, and I was always there for you. You were my best friend, and I loved you more than anything in the world.

But now, you're growing up. You're making new friends, and you're starting to forget about me. I can feel myself fading away, and I know that it's only a matter of time before I'm gone.

I'm not sad, though. I'm happy that you're growing up and having new experiences. I know that you'll be okay, and I'll always be with you in your heart.

Goodbye, my friend. I love you.




I am a kid's imaginary friend. I am a unicorn, and my name is Sparkles. I have a long, flowing mane and tail, and my coat is a beautiful rainbow of colors. I can fly, and I can do magic. I am the best friend a kid could ask for.

But I am fading away. My kid is growing up, and they don't need me anymore. They have real friends now, and they don't have time for imaginary friends. I am sad to be going, but I know it is for the best.

I will always remember the time we had together. We played games, we went on adventures, and we laughed until our sides hurt. I will never forget the way my kid looked at me with love and wonder.

I know that my kid will always have a special place in their heart for me. I will always be their first imaginary friend, and I will always be a part of their story.

Goodbye, my friend. I will miss you.




I remember when we first met. You were just a little girl, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You were my best friend, and I loved you more than anything in the world.

But as you grew older, I started to fade away. You didn't need me as much anymore. You had real friends, and you were too busy with school and other activities to play with me all the time. I started to feel lonely and lost.

One day, you told me that you didn't believe in imaginary friends anymore. You said that you were too old for that. I was heartbroken. I didn't want to disappear. I wanted to stay with you forever.

But I knew that you were right. I was an imaginary friend, and I had no place in your real life. So I said goodbye, and I faded away.

I still miss you sometimes. I wish that I could have stayed with you forever. But I know that you're better off without me. You're growing up, and you need to make your own way in the world.

I'll always be here for you, even if you can't see me. I'll always be your best friend, even if you don't believe in me anymore.

Goodbye, my friend.




I remember the day we met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You were my best friend, and I loved you more than anything in the world.

But as you grew older, you started to grow out of me. You didn't need me as much as you used to. You had other friends, and you were starting to explore the world on your own. I could see it in your eyes. You were growing up.

And now, I'm fading away. I'm not sure how much longer I'll be here. But I want you to know that I'll always be with you. I'll always be your friend.

I love you.




I've been with her since she was a little girl. We've been through a lot together, and I've always been there for her. But now she's growing up, and I'm fading away.

I can see it in her eyes. She doesn't need me anymore. She has her friends, her family, and her own imagination. I'm just a relic of her childhood, and soon she'll forget all about me.

I'm not sad, though. I'm happy for her. She's growing up, and that's what's supposed to happen. I just wish I could stay with her a little longer.

I know I'm not real. I know I'm just a figment of her imagination. But to her, I'm real. I'm her friend. And that's all that matters.

I'll always be here for her, even if she can't see me. I'll always be her friend, even if she doesn't remember me.

I'm fading away, but I'll never forget her.




I remember when we first met. You were just a little kid, and you were so scared. You didn't know anyone, and you didn't know where you were. But I was there for you. I was your friend.

We did everything together. We played games, we went on adventures, and we talked about everything. You could tell me anything, and I would always listen. I was always there for you.

But now you're growing up. You're making new friends, and you're learning new things. And I'm fading away. I'm not as important to you as I used to be.

I know it's not your fault. It's just the way things are. Kids grow up, and imaginary friends fade away.

But I'll never forget you. I'll always be your friend, even if you can't see me anymore.

Goodbye.




I remember when we first met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You were my best friend, and I loved you more than anything in the world.

But as you grew older, you started to need me less and less. You had real friends now, and you didn't have time for me anymore. I started to fade away, and I knew that it was only a matter of time before I was gone for good.

I'm not sad about it, though. I know that you're growing up, and that's what's supposed to happen. I'm just glad that I got to be a part of your life, even for a little while.

I'll always be here for you, even if you can't see me anymore. I'll always be your friend.

Goodbye.




I am Patch, the kid's imaginary friend. I've been with him since he was a little boy, and we've been through a lot together. We've played games, fought dragons, and saved the world. But now he's growing up, and I'm fading away.

I can feel it happening. I'm not as real to him as I used to be. He doesn't talk to me as much, and he doesn't ask me to play as often. I'm starting to fade away, like a dream that's slowly being forgotten.

I don't want to go. I love him, and I don't want to leave him. But I know that it's time. He's growing up, and he doesn't need me anymore.

I'll always be here for him, in his heart. And I'll always remember the good times we had together.

Goodbye, my friend.




I remember when we first met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We had so much fun together, playing make-believe and exploring the world. I was always there for you, no matter what.

But as you grew older, I started to fade away. You didn't need me as much anymore. You had real friends to play with, and you didn't need to make-believe anymore. I was sad to see you go, but I knew it was for the best.

I still think about you sometimes. I wonder what you're doing now, and if you're happy. I hope you remember me, and the fun we had together.

I'm not gone forever, though. I'll always be here, in your heart. And when you need me, I'll be there for you.

Goodbye, my friend.




I remember when we first met. You were just a little kid, and you were so scared. You didn't know anyone, and you were all alone. But then you saw me, and I knew that I had to help you.

We played together every day. We went on adventures, we fought dragons, and we saved the world. You were my best friend, and I loved you more than anything in the world.

But then you started to grow up. You made new friends, and you started to do new things. You didn't need me anymore.

I started to fade away. I could feel myself becoming less real. I could feel myself disappearing.

I didn't want to go. I wanted to stay with you forever. But I knew that I couldn't.

So I said goodbye. I told you that I loved you, and I promised that I would never forget you.

And then I was gone.

I'm still here, though. I'm always here. I'm in your heart, and I'm in your memories.

And I'll always be your friend.




I am a kid's imaginary friend. I am a unicorn, with a rainbow mane and tail. I can fly, and I can grant wishes. I am the best friend a kid could ask for.

But the kid is growing up. They are starting school, and they are making new friends. They don't need me as much as they used to.

I am fading away. My colors are becoming less vibrant, and my wings are becoming more translucent. I can feel myself disappearing.

I am sad to go, but I know it is for the best. The kid needs to grow up, and I can't help them do that.

I will always remember the time we spent together. We had so much fun, and I learned so much from the kid. I will never forget them.

I am fading away, but I am not gone. I will always be a part of the kid's life, even if they can't see me anymore.

Goodbye, my friend. I will miss you.




I remember when we first met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You were my best friend, and I loved you more than anything in the world.

But as you grew older, you started to need me less. You made new friends, and you started to do things that I couldn't do with you. I started to fade away, and I knew that it was only a matter of time before you forgot about me altogether.

I'm not sad about it. I know that it's part of growing up. And I'm glad that I was able to be a part of your childhood. I'll always remember the good times we had together, and I'll always love you.

Goodbye, my friend.




I remember the day we met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We played together all day long, and I was always there for you. I was your best friend.

But as you grew older, I started to fade away. You didn't need me as much anymore. You had other friends, and you were busy with school and other activities. I was happy for you, but I was also sad. I was losing my best friend.

Now, I'm almost gone. You can still see me sometimes, but it's getting harder and harder. I know that soon, I'll be gone completely. But I'm not sad anymore. I'm happy for you. You've grown up into a wonderful person, and I know that you'll have a great life.

I'll always be here for you, even though you can't see me. I'll always be your best friend.

Goodbye.




I remember the day we met. You were just a little boy, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You were my best friend.

But as you grew older, I started to fade away. You didn't need me as much anymore. You had real friends now, and you were too busy with school and other activities to play with me.

I was sad to see you go, but I knew it was for the best. You were growing up, and I was just an imaginary friend.

But even though I'm fading away, I'll always be with you. I'll always be in your heart, and I'll always be your best friend.

Goodbye, my friend.




I remember when we first met. You were so small and scared, and I was there to make you feel safe. We played together every day, and I always knew how to make you laugh. You were my best friend, and I loved you more than anything.

But now you're growing up. You have real friends now, and you don't need me anymore. I can see it in your eyes. You're starting to forget about me.

I'm not angry. I know it's natural. But I'm sad to see you go. I'll miss our adventures together. I'll miss your laughter. I'll miss being your best friend.

But I'll always be here for you, even if you can't see me. I'll always be in your heart.

Goodbye, my friend.




I remember the day we met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You were my best friend, and I loved you more than anything in the world.

But as you grew older, you started to forget about me. You had other friends, and you didn't need me anymore. I was starting to fade away.

I didn't want to go. I wanted to stay with you forever. But I knew that it wasn't possible. You had to grow up, and I had to fade away.

So I said goodbye. I told you that I would always love you, and that I would never forget you. And then I was gone.

I'm still here, somewhere. I'm not sure where, or how. But I'm still here. And I'll always be here, for you.

I love you.




I remember when we first met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. I was your best friend, and you were mine.

But as you grew older, you started to spend less time with me. You had other friends now, and you didn't need me as much. I started to fade away.

I didn't want to go. I wanted to stay with you forever. But I knew that it was time for me to go. You were growing up, and I was just an imaginary friend.

So I said goodbye. I told you that I would always be with you, even if you couldn't see me. And then I faded away.

I'm not gone forever. I'm still here, in your heart. And I'll always be your best friend.

Goodbye.




I am Patch, the kid's imaginary friend. I've been with her since she was a little girl, and we've been through a lot together. We've played games, fought monsters, and even saved the world a few times. But now she's growing up, and I'm fading away.

I can feel it happening. Every day, I become a little less real to her. She doesn't talk to me as much, and she doesn't seem to need me as much. I know it's natural, but it still hurts.

I don't want to go. I want to stay with her forever. But I know that's not possible. She has to grow up, and I have to fade away.

I'm not sad, though. I'm happy for her. She's going to have a great life, and I know she'll do amazing things. And I'll always be there, in her heart, even if she can't see me anymore.

I'm just glad I got to be a part of her life. She's the best friend a kid could ask for.

Goodbye, my friend.




I remember the day we met. You were just a little girl, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You were my best friend, and I loved you more than anything in the world.

But as you grew older, you started to need me less. You had other friends, and you were busy with school and other activities. I started to fade away, and I knew that it was only a matter of time before you would forget about me altogether.

I'm not sad about it. I know that it's part of growing up. I'm just glad that I got to be a part of your life, even for a little while. I'll never forget you, and I'll always love you.

Goodbye, my friend.




I remember when we first met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You were my best friend.

But as you grew older, you started to play with other kids, and I started to fade away. You didn't need me anymore. You had real friends now.

I'm not sad that you're growing up. I'm just sad that I'm fading away. But I know that you'll never forget me. I'll always be your imaginary friend, even if you can't see me anymore.

I love you, kid.




I am Patch, the kid's imaginary friend. I've been with him since he was a little boy, and we've been through a lot together. We've played games, gone on adventures, and even helped each other through some tough times. But now, he's growing up. He's starting to make new friends, and he's not as interested in playing games anymore. I can feel myself fading away.

I know it's natural for him to grow up and move on, but it's still hard for me to let go. I've been a part of his life for so long, and I don't know what I'm going to do without him. But I know that he'll be okay. He's a smart and funny kid, and he'll make new friends and have new adventures. And I'll always be there for him, even if he can't see me anymore.

I'm not sure how long I'll last. Maybe a few more months, maybe a few more years. But eventually, I'll fade away completely. And that's okay. I've had a good life, and I'm grateful for the time I've had with the kid. He's been my best friend, and I'll never forget him.

Goodbye, my friend. I'll miss you.




I remember the day we met. You were just a little boy, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You were my best friend.

But as you grew older, I started to fade away. You didn't need me as much anymore. You had real friends to play with, and you didn't have time for imaginary friends anymore.

I'm not sad that you're growing up. I'm proud of you. You're a great kid, and you're going to do great things.

But I'm going to miss you. I'm going to miss our adventures together. I'm going to miss your laughter.

But most of all, I'm going to miss being your friend.

Goodbye, my friend.

I'll always be here for you, even if you can't see me.




I remember when we first met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would make you laugh. You were my best friend.

But as you grew older, you started to need me less. You had other friends, and you were busy with school and other activities. I started to fade away.

I didn't want to go, but I knew it was time. You were growing up, and I was just an imaginary friend. I didn't have a place in your real life anymore.

I'm not sad, though. I'm happy that you're growing up. I know you're going to do great things. And I'll always be here, in your memories.

Goodbye, my friend.




I remember when we first met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You were my best friend, and I loved you more than anything.

But as you grew older, you started to need me less. You had real friends now, and you didn't have time for imaginary ones. I started to fade away. I was there, but I wasn't really there. I could see you, but you couldn't see me.

I'm not sure why I'm fading away. Maybe it's because you're growing up. Maybe it's because you don't need me anymore. But whatever the reason, I'm starting to disappear.

I'm not sad. I'm happy that you're growing up. I know that you're going to have a great life, and I'm going to be there with you, even if you can't see me.

I love you, kid.

Goodbye.




I remember when we first met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You were my best friend.

But as you grew older, you started to play with other kids. You didn't need me anymore. I started to fade away.

I'm not sad, though. I know that this is what's supposed to happen. You're growing up, and I'm not. But I'll always be here for you, even if you can't see me.

I'll always be your best friend.

Goodbye.




I remember the day we met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You were my best friend.

But as you grew older, you started to play with other kids, and you didn't need me as much anymore. I started to fade away. I could feel myself becoming less real, less important.

I tried to hold on, but it was no use. You were growing up, and I was just a figment of your imagination.

I'm not sad, though. I'm happy that you're happy. And I'll always be here, in your heart, even if you can't see me anymore.

Goodbye, my friend.




I remember when we first met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You were my best friend, and I loved you more than anything in the world.

But as you grew older, you started to spend less time with me. You had other friends, and you were too busy with school and other activities. I started to fade away, and I knew that it was only a matter of time before you forgot about me altogether.

I'm not sad, though. I know that it's natural for kids to grow up and move on. I'm just glad that I got to be a part of your childhood. I'll never forget you, and I'll always be your friend.

Goodbye, my friend.




I remember the day we met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You were my best friend, and I loved you more than anything in the world.

But as you grew older, you started to spend less time with me. You had other friends, and you were busy with school and other activities. I started to feel left out, and I began to fade away.

I know that you don't need me anymore. You're all grown up now, and you have a real life to live. But I'll always be here for you, even if you can't see me. I'll always be your imaginary friend, and I'll always love you.

Goodbye, my friend.




I remember when you were just a little girl, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You loved to tell me stories about your day, and I would listen attentively. I was always there for you, no matter what.

But now you're growing up, and I'm fading away. You don't need me anymore. You have your friends, your family, and your school. You have so many things to do and so many people to see. I'm happy for you, but I'm also sad. I'm going to miss you.

I know that one day you'll forget all about me. But that's okay. I'll always be a part of you, in your memories. And I'll always be grateful for the time we had together.

Goodbye, my friend.




I remember the day we met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We played together all day long, and I always made you laugh. You were my best friend.

But as you grew older, you started to play with other kids. You didn't need me as much anymore. I started to fade away.

I'm not sad about it. I know that it's part of growing up. I'm just glad that I got to be a part of your childhood. I'll always remember the good times we had together.

I'm still here, even though you can't see me. I'm always watching over you, and I'll always be your friend.

Goodbye, my friend.




I'm sitting on the edge of her bed, watching her pack her things. She's going away to college in a few days, and I know that this is the last time I'll see her.

I've been her imaginary friend for as long as she can remember. We've been through everything together, from her first day of school to her first heartbreak. I've been her confidante, her protector, and her best friend.

But now she's growing up. She doesn't need me anymore. She has real friends now, friends who can see her and touch her. I'm just a figment of her imagination, and soon she'll forget all about me.

I'm not sad, though. I'm happy for her. She's going to have a great life, and I know that she'll make a difference in the world.

I'm just going to miss her.

I watch her close her suitcase and turn to me. "Goodbye," she says. "I'll never forget you."

I smile. "I'll never forget you either," I say.

And then she's gone.

I sit on the bed for a long time, staring at the empty suitcase. I know that I should go, but I can't bring myself to move. I'm still holding on to the hope that she'll come back.

But she won't.

I'm fading away.

And I'm okay with that.

I had a good life. I had a great friend. And I'll never forget her.




I remember when we first met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You were my best friend, and I loved you more than anything in the world.

But then you started to grow up. You made new friends, and you started to do new things. I was still there for you, but you didn't need me as much anymore. I started to fade away.

I'm not gone yet, but I know that it's only a matter of time. You're going to grow up and leave me behind. And that's okay. I know that you have to grow up, and I'm happy for you. But I'm going to miss you.

I'm going to miss your laughter, and your smile, and your sense of wonder. I'm going to miss being your best friend. But most of all, I'm going to miss you.

I know that you'll never forget me, and I'll never forget you. We'll always be friends, even if we're not together anymore.

Goodbye, my friend.




I am Patch, the kid's imaginary friend. I've been with him since he was a little boy, and we've been through a lot together. We've played games, gone on adventures, and even fought off monsters. But now he's growing up, and I'm fading away.

I can feel it happening. I'm not as real as I used to be. I can't make him laugh as easily, and he doesn't come to me for advice as much. He's starting to make real friends, and he doesn't need me anymore.

I'm not sad about it. I know that this is what's supposed to happen. He's growing up, and I'm fading away. But I'm not going to disappear completely. I'll always be a part of him, in his memories and in his heart.

And I'll always be grateful for the time we had together. It was the best time of my life.

Goodbye, my friend.




I remember when we first met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. I was your best friend, and you were my only friend.

But as you grew older, you started to need me less. You had real friends now, and you didn't have time to play with me anymore. I started to fade away.

I'm not sure why I'm fading away. Maybe it's because you don't need me anymore. Maybe it's because I'm not real. But whatever the reason, I'm starting to disappear.

I'm not sad about it. I'm happy for you. You're growing up, and you're going to have a great life. I just wish I could be there to see it.

But I know I can't. So I'm going to say goodbye. I'm going to fade away, and I'm going to let you go.

But I'll never forget you. You'll always be my best friend.

Goodbye.




I remember when we first met. You were so scared and alone, and I was there to make you feel better. We played together every day, and I always made sure you had someone to talk to. I was your best friend, and you were mine.

But now you're growing up. You have real friends now, and you don't need me anymore. I can see it in your eyes. You're starting to forget about me. And that's okay. That's what's supposed to happen.

I'm not sad. I'm happy for you. You're growing up, and that's a good thing. I just want you to know that I'll always be here for you, even if you don't remember me. I'll always be your friend.

I'm fading away now. I can feel it. But I'm not scared. I know that I'll always be a part of you, even if you can't see me. I'll always be in your heart.

Goodbye, my friend. I'll miss you.




I remember the day we met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You were my best friend, and I loved you more than anything in the world.

But as you grew older, you started to need me less. You had real friends now, and you didn't have time for imaginary friends anymore. I started to fade away, and I knew that it was only a matter of time before I was gone completely.

I'm not sad about it, though. I know that it's natural for kids to grow up and move on. I'm just glad that I got to be a part of your childhood. You made me so happy, and I'll never forget you.

I'll always be here for you, even if you can't see me anymore. I'll always be your friend.

Goodbye.




I remember when we first met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. I was your best friend, and you were mine.

But as you grew older, you started to need me less. You had other friends, and you were starting to explore the world on your own. I didn't mind at first, but as time went on, I started to feel left behind.

I knew that this was coming. All imaginary friends fade away eventually. But that doesn't make it any easier. I'm going to miss you, kid. I'm going to miss our adventures, and I'm going to miss your laughter.

But I'm also going to be happy for you. You're growing up, and that's a good thing. You're going to have a lot of amazing experiences, and I want you to enjoy them all.

So go out there and live your life, kid. And don't forget about me. I'll always be here, in your heart.

Goodbye.




I remember the day we met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You were my best friend, and I loved you more than anything in the world.

But as you grew older, I started to fade away. You didn't need me as much anymore. You had real friends to play with, and you didn't have time for imaginary friends anymore. I was sad to see you go, but I knew it was for the best.

I still think about you sometimes. I wonder what you're doing now, and if you ever think about me. I hope you're happy, and that you never forget our friendship.

Goodbye, my friend. I'll always love you.




I remember the day we met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You were my best friend.

But as you grew older, you started to spend less time with me. You had other friends, and you were too busy with school and other activities. I started to fade away.

I knew it was happening, but I didn't want to accept it. I tried to stay strong, but it was no use. I was fading away.

One day, you came to me and told me that you didn't need me anymore. You said that you were old enough to take care of yourself. I was heartbroken, but I knew you were right.

I said goodbye to you, and I promised that I would always be there for you, even if you couldn't see me. Then I faded away.

I'm still here, even though you can't see me. I'm watching over you, and I'm always here for you. I'll never forget you, my best friend.




I remember the day we met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You were my best friend, and I loved you more than anything in the world.

But as you grew older, you started to play with other kids, and you didn't need me as much anymore. I started to fade away, and I knew that it was only a matter of time before I was gone for good.

I'm not sad about it, though. I'm happy that you're growing up and having new experiences. I know that you'll make new friends, and you'll have a wonderful life.

And I'll always be here, in your heart.

Goodbye, my friend.




I am Patch, the kid's imaginary friend. I've been with him since he was a little boy, and we've had a lot of adventures together. We've fought dragons, explored faraway lands, and saved the day countless times. But now he's growing up, and I'm fading away.

I can feel it happening. Every day, I'm a little less real to him. He doesn't talk to me as much, and he doesn't seem to need me as much as he used to. I know it's natural, but it still hurts.

I'm not sure how much longer I'll be here. Maybe a few more weeks, a few more months. But eventually, I'll be gone. And when I am, he won't even remember me.

I'm not sad about that, though. I'm happy that I was able to be a part of his life, even for a little while. And I know that he'll always remember the adventures we had together.

So goodbye, my friend. I'll miss you. But I know that you're going to do great things.

Love,
Patch




I'm Patch. I'm a kid's imaginary friend. I've been with her since she was a little girl. We've been through a lot together. We've played together, laughed together, cried together. I've been there for her through thick and thin.

But now she's growing up. She doesn't need me anymore. She has real friends now. She has school and homework and boys. I'm starting to fade away.

I don't want to go. I love her. I don't want to leave her. But I know I have to. She needs to grow up. She needs to live her own life.

I'm going to miss her. I'm going to miss our adventures. I'm going to miss her laughter. But I know she'll be okay. She's strong. She's smart. She's going to do great things.

I'm going to stay here for a little while longer. Just until she's sure she doesn't need me anymore. Then I'll go.

I'll always love her.

Goodbye.




I remember when we first met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You were my best friend, and I loved you more than anything in the world.

But as you grew older, you started to need me less. You had real friends now, and you didn't have time for imaginary friends anymore. I started to fade away, and I knew that it was only a matter of time before I was gone completely.

I'm not sad about it, though. I know that it's natural for kids to grow up and move on. I'm just glad that I got to be a part of your childhood. You made me so happy, and I'll never forget you.

I'll always be here for you, even if you can't see me. I'll always be your imaginary friend.

Goodbye, my friend.




I remember when we first met. You were so small and scared, and I was there to make you feel safe. We played together every day, and I always knew how to make you laugh. You were my best friend.

But now you're growing up. You have real friends now, and you don't need me anymore. I can feel myself fading away. It's not painful, but it's sad. I'm going to miss you.

I know you'll be okay. You're a strong and independent kid, and you'll make your own way in the world. I'll always be here for you, even if you can't see me.

I love you, kid.

Goodbye.




I remember the day we met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You were my best friend, and I loved you more than anything in the world.

But as you grew older, I started to fade away. You didn't need me as much anymore. You had real friends to play with, and you didn't have time for imaginary friends anymore.

I was sad to see you go, but I knew it was for the best. You were growing up, and I was just an imaginary friend. I couldn't keep up with you anymore.

But even though I'm fading away, I'll never forget you. You were my best friend, and I'll always love you.

Goodbye, my friend.




I'm Patch, the kid's imaginary friend. I've been with him since he was a little boy, and we've been through a lot together. We've played games, gone on adventures, and even saved the world a few times. But now, he's growing up. He's got friends, school, and all sorts of other things that take up his time. I'm still here, but I'm not as important to him as I used to be. I can feel myself fading away.

I know that this is part of life. Kids grow up, and they don't need imaginary friends anymore. But it's still hard. I'm going to miss him. I'm going to miss our adventures. I'm going to miss being his best friend.

But I'm also going to be happy for him. He's going to have a great life, and I'm going to be there to watch him from afar. I'll always be his friend, even if he can't see me anymore.

I'm fading away, but I'm not gone. I'll always be a part of him, and he'll always be a part of me.

Goodbye, my friend.




I remember when we first met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You were my best friend, and I loved you more than anything.

But as you grew older, you started to need me less. You made new friends, and you started to explore the world on your own. I was happy for you, but I was also sad. I knew that our time together was coming to an end.

Now, you're all grown up. You have a job, a family, and a whole life outside of me. I'm still here, but I'm fading away. I'm not as real as I used to be, and I know that one day I'll be gone completely.

But I'm not sad. I'm happy for you, and I know that you'll be okay. You're strong and independent, and you can do anything you set your mind to.

I'll always be here for you, even when I'm gone. I'll be in your heart, and I'll always be your best friend.

Goodbye.




I am an imaginary friend. I have been with my friend since they were a little kid. We have been through a lot together. We have played games, told stories, and laughed together. I have always been there for them, no matter what.

But now, my friend is growing up. They are making new friends, and they are starting to see the world in a new way. I am no longer as important to them as I once was. I can feel myself fading away.

I am not sad. I know that this is a natural part of growing up. I am proud of my friend for growing up, and I know that they will do great things. I will always be there for them, even if they can't see me anymore.

I am an imaginary friend. I am fading away, but I will never be forgotten.




I remember when we first met. You were just a little kid, and I was your imaginary friend. We would play together all day long, and I would always make you laugh. You were my best friend.

But as you got older, you started to grow up. You made new friends, and you started to do new things. I was still there, but I wasn't as important to you as I used to be.

I could feel myself fading away. I was still there, but I was getting weaker and weaker. I knew that it was only a matter of time before you forgot about me altogether.

One day, you came to me and told me that you didn't need me anymore. You had grown up, and you didn't need an imaginary friend. I was sad, but I knew that you were right.

I said goodbye to you, and I faded away. I'm still here, somewhere, but you can't see me anymore. I'm just a memory, a fading memory of a time when you were a little kid and I was your imaginary friend.

But I'll never forget you. You were my best friend, and I'll always love you.